setting - sci-fi, alien planet (prison colony)
3 game stages: child - adult - elder

Stage 1:
The player arrives on Prison Colony 37(PC37) as a child, when his father is convicted of an unkown crime (classified)

Quest 1: A fellow prisoner is in need of medication, but can't get any from the guards. Find a way to get past the guard
at the medical facility to get the meds. The guard can be distracted with cake.

Quest 2: A certain kind of flower only grows around the outer-edge of the colony (close to the fence). A female inmate needs
some to make the perfect bouquet.

Quest 3: The player's father asks the player to deliver a message to one of the guards. When the player returns, his father
has been murdered.
----transition to stage 2

Stage 2:
Some years have passed, you are now a young adult. New information surfaces about your father's murder.

Quest 1: Prisoners have started disappearing. Player finds the note he delivered for his father all those years ago.
It states: They don't care who is guard and who is prisoner, we're all the same to them. The guard you delivered this to
surely knows more. Find him and talk to him.

Quest 2: The guard is finally found hiding somewhere. Your father was right, they are coming for all of us. Hints at 
government involvement are dropped. If you want to learn more, evidence can be found in the warden's office. Find it.

Quest 3: In the warden's office you find a kind of purple glowing crystal, and paperwork with statistic on a mining effort not far
away. Sneak out of the perimeter fence and find the mining site. Remove the guards there and lead a prison revolt.
--transition to stage 3

Stage 3:
The player tries to escape the planet but finds out it's impossible

Quest 1: A shuttle has crash-landed on the planet. Find a way to open it up.

Quest 2: The occupant of the shuttle is dying. Find a way to save his life. (meds, herbs, etc).

Quest 3: The shuttle pilot brings news of the Empire. The political crisis resulting from the prison riots and the
reasons behind them (Stage 2), has caused the fall of the Galactic Empire. Planets across the empire have declared independence,
and riots are common across the galaxy. Rocket fuel is wasted on petty wars, and production halted. Interplanetary flight is no longer
possible, the shuttle is the last to escape a galaxy in chaos. There will be no rescue, there is no way on or off the planet for the next
century, when the galaxy stabilizes.

